Add missing upgrade note (#5580)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

 - On MySQL, if you encounter an error "Failed to apply database migrations" when upgrading to v6.4.0, it means that there is a mismatch between the table collation and the default database collation. You can manually fix this by changing the database collation with ``ALTER DATABASE <YOUR_DB_NAME> COLLATE = 'utf8mb4_general_ci',``. Then do the server upgrade again and the migration will be successful. 

>  - It has been commonly observed on MySQL 8+ systems to have an error ``Error 1267: Illegal mix of collations`` when upgrading. This is typically caused by the database and the tables having different collations. If you get this error, please change the collations to have the same value with, for example, ``ALTER DATABASE <db_name> COLLATE = '<collation>'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - It has been commonly observed on MySQL 8+ systems to have an error ``Error 1267: Illegal mix of collations`` when upgrading due to changing default collation. This is caused by the database and the tables having different collations. If you get this error, please change the collations to have the same value with, for example, ``ALTER DATABASE <db_name> COLLATE = '<collation>'``.
```
